TW-1274 rework domain capture (#5039)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/administration/domain-verification-and-capture/add-and-verify-a-domain.md

---

> title: "Add and verify a domain"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Verify your organization’s domain in Postman“
```

updated: 2023-03-07
contextual_links:
  - type: section
    name: "Additional resources"
  - type: subtitle
    name: "Blog posts"
  - type: link
    name: "Introducing Domain Capture: Group Your Organization’s Postman Users into a Single Team"
    url: "https://blog.postman.com/introducing-domain-capture/"
---

> **[Domain verification and capture are available on Postman Enterprise Ultimate plans.](https://www.postman.com/pricing)**

To set up domain capture, you'll first need to add and verify your organization's domain or subdomain. You must be a [Team Admin](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/roles-and-permissions/#team-roles) to add and verify a domain in Postman.

## Contents

* [Add and verify a domain](#add-and-verify-a-domain)

    * [Verify a domain later](#verify-a-domain-later)

    * [View verification details](#view-verification-details)

    * [View unclaimed accounts](#view-unclaimed-accounts)

* [Enable domain capture](#enable-domain-capture)

## Add and verify a domain

> You can add domains and subdomains to your team by navigating to the [domain dashboard](https://go.postman.co/settings/team/domain-capture). Once you add your verification **TXT Record** to your DNS configuration, Postman's team will verify your domain or subdomain. Your domain must be verified before you can view and manage all user accounts in Postman created with your organization’s domains and subdomains.

Reviewer 2: Instead of "Postman's team" could we say something else so people don't confuse this with the team feature? Like "your Postman customer success agent" or something?

> You can add domains and subdomains to your team by navigating to the [domain dashboard](https://go.postman.co/settings/team/domain-capture). Once you add your verification **TXT Record** to your DNS configuration, Postman's team will verify your domain or subdomain. Your domain must be verified before you can view and manage all user accounts in Postman created with your organization’s domains and subdomains.

Reviewer 3: The actual verification process (once the txt record is in their DNS) can be done within the Postman application now, making this entirely self-service.

Author: Is this related to the September 15th release changes or is it already available? I'm making the changes for the 15th in a separate PR

Reviewer 3: Already available since the previous release.

    <img alt="Generate verification record" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/enter-domain-name-v10.jpg" width="450px"/>

1. Select <img alt="Copy icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/icon-copy-v9.jpg#icon" width="15px"> **Copy** to copy the **TXT Record**, and then add it to your domain's DNS configuration.

    > Instead, you can select **Verify Later** if you're not ready to add the **TXT Record** to your domain's DNS configuration. To verify your domain later, see [Verifying a domain later](#verifying-a-domain-later).

1. Select the **I have added the TXT record to the DNS tool** checkbox, and then select **Verify Domain**. Note that it may take up to 24 hours for the TXT changes to take effect to enable successful verification of the domain. Team Admins will receive an email notification when the domain is verified.

    <img alt="Add domain TXT record" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/add-domain-verification-record-v10.jpg" width="450px"/>

    > You can reach out to [Postman support](https://www.postman.com/support/) to check the status of your domain verification request.

> 1. Once your domain is verified, you can [create a request to enable domain capture](#enabling-domain-capture).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
1. Once your domain is verified, you can [create a request to enable domain capture](/docs/administration/domain-verification-and-capture/enable-domain-capture/).
```

Reviewer 4: I'm not sure if we want to link to the "Enable domain capture" section at the bottom of this page, or to the next page in the sequence. Thanks!

1. Select **Verify** next to the domain with the `UNVERIFIED` status you want to verify.

    > You can also select **Manage** next to the domain with the `UNVERIFIED` status you want to verify, and then select **View Verification Details**.

    ![Verify domain later](https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/verify-domain-later-v10.jpg)

1. Select <img alt="Copy icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/icon-copy-v9.jpg#icon" width="15px"> **Copy** to copy the **TXT Record**, and then add it to your domain's DNS configuration.
1. Select the **I have added the TXT record to the DNS tool** checkbox, and then select **Verify Domain**. Postman's team will check your requested domain and update its status to `VERIFIED` in your domain dashboard. Team Admins will receive an email notification when the domain is verified.

    <img alt="Verify unverified domain" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/verify-unverified-domain-later-v10.jpg" width="450px"/>

    > You can reach out to [Postman support](https://www.postman.com/support/) to check the status of your domain verification request.

> 1. Once your domain is verified, you can [create a request to enable domain capture](#enabling-domain-capture).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
1. Once your domain is verified, you can [create a request to enable domain capture](/docs/administration/domain-verification-and-capture/enable-domain-capture/).
```

Reviewer 4: I'm not sure if we want to link to the "Enable domain capture" section at the bottom of this page, or to the next page in the sequence. Thanks!

### View verification details

As a [Team Admin](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/roles-and-permissions/#team-roles), you can view verification details for verified and unverified domains by navigating to the [domain dashboard](https://go.postman.co/settings/team/domain-capture). The verification details display the verification **TXT Record**.

1. Open Postman and select **Team > Team Settings** in the Postman header. Select **Authentication** in the left sidebar.
1. Select **Manage** next to the domain you want to view verification details for.
1. Select **View Verification Details**.

### View unclaimed accounts

> Unclaimed accounts are accounts associated with a verified domain that aren't part of your team. As a [Team Admin](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/roles-and-permissions/#team-roles), you can view unclaimed accounts by navigating to the [domain dashboard](https://go.postman.co/settings/team/domain-capture).

Reviewer 2: Are these accounts where the people were invited and never accepted the invite? Maybe this explanation could be clarified a bit.

Author: I believe it is unclaimed accounts in general regardless of any invitations, but @johnoffenhartzPM could you take a look here?

Reviewer 3: Basically these are users that match the domain, but haven't logged in post-domain capture and become subject to domain capture.

1. Open Postman and select **Team > Team Settings** in the Postman header. Select **Authentication** in the left sidebar.

> 1. Select **Manage** next to the domain with the `VERIFIED` status you want to view unclaimed accounts for, and then select **View Accounts**.

Reviewer 2: Is `VERIFIED` really all caps and in code?

Author: It is in all caps in the product. I believe the code was used as a differentiator in the text originally, have changed to bold
